Add documentation for Snowflake keypair auth support (#30944)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/databases/snowflake.mdx

    from the root user you were provided when making your Snowflake account. This allows you to rotate
    the root credentials and still be able to access your account.

1.  Configure Vault with keypair authentication:

    ```shell-session
    $ vault write database/config/my-snowflake-database \
        plugin_name=snowflake-database-plugin \
        allowed_roles="my-role" \
        connection_url="ecxxxx.west-us-1.azure.snowflakecomputing.com/db_name" \
        username="vaultuser" \
        private_key=@key.pem

>     ```

Author: Good question. The `@` param in the Vault CLI will directly read the file and use its contents as input, so this is actually reading the key from the file instead of passing the filename

> A properly formatted data source name (DSN) needs to be provided during configuration of the
> database. This DSN is typically formatted with the following options:
> 
> ```shell-session
> <account>.snowflakecomputing.com/<db_name>
> ```
> 
> `account` is your Snowflake account identifier. You can find out more about this value by reading
> the `server` section of
> [this document](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/odbc-parameters.html#connection-parameters).
> 
> `db_name` is the name of a database in your Snowflake instance.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
You must provide properly formatted data source names (DSN) when you cofigure
the database in the following format:

```text
<account>.snowflakecomputing.com/<db_name>
```

- `account` - your Snowflake account identifier. Refer to the
  [`server` section](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/odbc-parameters.html#connection-parameters)
  of the connection parameters for Snowflake ODBC configuration and connection
  parameters.

- `db_name` the name of a database in your Snowflake instance.
````
Style correction: write in active voice, avoid "this" as a pronoun

> ~> **Note:** The user being provided to Vault should have `ACCOUNT_ADMIN` privileges, and should be different
> from the root user provided when making the Snowflake account and from user accounts. This allows Vault
> to rotate its root credentials while users still have continued access to their accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must provide Vault with a Snowflake user that has `ACCOUNT_ADMIN`. We
strongly recommend using a unique user account for Vault access so Vault can
rotate the associated root credentials without disrupting the account associated
with your Snowflake account or other Snowflake users on the account.
```
Style correction: write in active voice
